<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_maintaining-crops">
  <title>Watering Planted Crops</title>
  <shortdesc>
    In order for your crops to grow, they must be watered on a daily basis until they are ready to harvest. If you miss a day of watering, your crops will not die, but they also will not progress to the next stage of growth.
  </shortdesc>
  <taskbody>
    <prereq>You will need a watering can, which was provided at the start of the game, to water your crops.</prereq>
    <context>
    <note type="note">You do not need to water your crops on days where it is raining.</note> 
    <p audience="expert"> By crafting and using sprinklers your plants will be water automatically each day.</p>
    </context>
    <steps>
      <stepsection>Filling Watering Can</stepsection>
      <step audience="novice">
        <cmd>Equip the watering can by moving it to the top bar of your inventory and using the corresponding number key to select it.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Approach any body of water.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Left click to fill the can with water.</cmd>
        <tutorialinfo>You do not need to hold down to fill the can. One click should fill it all the way.</tutorialinfo>
        <stepresult>The fill bar on the watering can icon in your inventory should return to the top, and a slurping sound effect will play.</stepresult>
      </step>
      <stepsection>Watering Crops</stepsection>
      <step>
        <cmd>Approach the crop you want to water and right click.</cmd>
        <stepresult>The ground underneath the crop you chose to water should darken and you will hear a sound effect of pouring water.</stepresult>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>