<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_preparing-land-and-planting-seeds">
  <title>Preparing the Land and Planting Seeds</title>
  <shortdesc>
Once you have acquired your seeds, you will need to prepare the land for planting to grow the crops.
  </shortdesc>
  <taskbody>
    <prereq>
    You need the following tools to complete this task:
      <ul>
        <li>axe</li>
        <li>hoe</li>
        <li>pickaxe</li>
        <li>scythe</li>
        <li>watering can</li>
        </ul>
    </prereq>
    <steps>
    <stepsection>Preparing the Land</stepsection>
      <step>
        <cmd>Right click with the appropriate tool to clear any obstacles from the land.</cmd>
        <info audience="novice">
          <simpletable>
            <sthead>
              <stentry>Object</stentry>
              <stentry>Tool(s) that Can Clear It</stentry>
            </sthead>
            <strow>
              <stentry>Grass, weeds</stentry>
              <stentry>Scythe, Sword</stentry>
            </strow>
            <strow>
              <stentry>Rocks</stentry>
              <stentry>Pickaxe</stentry>
            </strow>
            <strow>
              <stentry>Trees, Stumps, and Logs</stentry>
              <stentry>Axe</stentry>
            </strow>
          </simpletable>
        Larger objects may require and upgraded tool.
        </info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Equip your hoe.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step audience="novice">
        <cmd>Use the arrow keys to aim your character at the square  you wish to till. Right click to till the land.</cmd>
        <stepresult>The tilled land will darken slightly and a digging sound effect will play.</stepresult>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Repeat until you have tilled one square per seed you want to plant.</cmd>
      </step>
    <stepsection>Planting the Crops</stepsection>
      <step>
        <cmd>Equip the seeds of the crop you wish to plant.</cmd>
        <info audience="expert">Adding fertilizer at this stage can increase your chances of getting high quality crops.</info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Right click on the tilled square where you want to plant the seed.</cmd>
        <stepresult>Scatter seeds should appear on the tilled dirt, and you should no longer be able to plant on top of those seeds.</stepresult>
      </step>
      <step>
        <note type="note">You will need to water your crops after planting in order for that day to count towards the total grow time.</note>
        <cmd>Repeat until you have planted all your seeds.</cmd>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>