<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_enter_unique_id_here">
  <title>How to Acquire Seeds</title>
  <shortdesc>
  Before crops can be planted, you must have seeds for the appropriate crop. There are three methods for acquiring seeds, here you will learn how to acquire seeds from shops.
  </shortdesc>
  <taskbody>
<steps>
  <step>
    <cmd> Walk to Pierre's General Store or Joja Mart and right-click the door to enter</cmd>
  </step>
  <step>
    <cmd>Approach Pierre or the cashier, but stay behind the counter. If you approach Pierre from the same side of the counter, you will start a dialogue, or give him a gift rather than accessing the shop catalogue.</cmd>
  </step>
  <step>
    <cmd>Right click on Pierre or the cashier to bring up his shop catalogue.</cmd>
  </step>
  <step>
    <cmd>Scroll in the catalogue to find and select the plants you wish to grow.</cmd>
    <info>Tip: If you hover over the seed you can see the growing details, such as what season you can plant the crop in, and how long it will take to grow.</info>
  </step>
  <step>
    <cmd>Right-click to purchase one packet of seeds. Each packet will grow one plant of that type.</cmd>
    <info>Tip: You can buy multiples of 5 by holding Shift + right- or left-click, multiples of 25 by holding Control + Shift + right- or left-click, or a full stack of 999 by holding Control + Shift + 1 + left-click. Once you click, the money will automatically leave your inventory.</info>
  </step>
</steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>